Access Mgmt Login Rule and IDP doc updates (#23094)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/login-rules/guide.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

Before you get started you’ll need a running Teleport Enterprise or Cloud
cluster on version `11.3.1` or greater.

Login Rules only operate on SSO logins, so make sure you have
configured an OIDC, SAML, or GitHub connector before you begin.
Check the [Single Sign-On](../sso/) docs to learn how to set this up.

> ## Step 1/5. Configure a Teleport role with access to Login Rules objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1/5. Configure RBAC
```

First, ensure you are logged into Teleport as a user that has permissions

> to read and modify `login_rule` objects. The default `editor` role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to read and modify `login_rule` resources. The preset `editor` role
```

has access to this already, but in case you are using a more customized configuration,
create a role called `loginrule-manager.yaml` with the following contents:

(!docs/pages/includes/access-controls/loginrule-manager-role.mdx!)

Create the role with `tctl`:

```code
$ tctl create loginrule-manager.yaml 
role 'loginrule-manager' has been created
```

Add the role to your user. Replace `teleport-admin` with your user name:

```code
$ tctl users update --set-roles $(tctl get users/<Var name="teleport-admin"/> --format=json | \
jq -r '.[].spec.roles | join(",")'), loginrule-manager <Var name="teleport-admin"/>
User teleport-admin has been updated:
	New roles: auditor,editor,access,loginrule-manager

> ```

Reviewer 2: Should we use the `add-role-to-user.mdx` partial here?

E.g.,

```markdown
(!docs/pages/includes/add-role-to-user.mdx role="loginrule-manager" !)

Author: Yes, @ptgott , I also applied this to the IDP example which is where I copied this from.
